WILL YOU GET OFF THE
COMPUTER, PLEASE?
YOU'VE ALREADY DONE PLENTY
OF RESEARCH ON COLOMBIA.
I CAN'T BELIEVE LENNOX'S
WONDERFUL PROFESSOR, EVITA,
IS TAKING HER THERE
NEXT SEMESTER.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THEY
HAVE IN COLOMBIA?
REALLY GOOD COFFEE?
YEAH, BUT WHEN YOU ORDER YOUR
ESPRESSO WITH TWO SHOTS,
THEY COME OUT OF A GUN.
HONEY, RELAX, ALL RIGHT?
LOOK, WE HAVE SEVERAL MORE MOVES
LEFT IN THIS CHESS MATCH.
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW IF SHE'S
GOING THERE FOR SURE YET.
BUT I'LL TELL YOU THIS;
IF YOU GET UPSET,
YOU'RE GONNA PUSH HER
RIGHT INTO EVITA'S ARMS.
UH, IT'S PRONOUNCED,
(exaggerated accent) EVITA.
OH, HEY, HONEY.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
SHE WAS BITING THAT CROISSANT, BUT
SHE WAS REALLY BITING MY HEAD OFF.
DO YOU KNOW, IN COLOMBIA, THEY HAVE SPIDERS
THAT CAN ACTUALLY BITE YOUR HEAD OFF.
YEAH, I DID A LITTLE
GOOGLING MYSELF.
(laughing)
ANYWAY. BACK TO YOU.
THAT PROFESSOR HAS DRIVEN A
WEDGE BETWEEN ME AND LENNOX.
I'VE LOST HER.
YOU KNOW, I BLEW IT WITH MY COMPLETELY
APPROPRIATE REACTION TO HER LITTLE TRIP.
YOU TRIED TO PUT HER
PASSPORT IN THE TOASTER.
LIKE I SAID, COMPLETELY
APPROPRIATE.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST FOCUS ON THINGS
THAT YOU CAN CONTROL, ALL RIGHT?
LIKE YOUR RELATIONSHIP
WITH LENNOX, YOU KNOW.
NURTURE IT. BOND WITH HER.
SO YOUR DAUGHTER
CALLS YOU DAD ONCE,
AND SUDDENLY YOU'RE THE
WIZARD OF PARENTING?
PRETTY MUCH, YEAH.
COME ON, YOU SAW HOW I
HANDLED YESTERDAY, MAN.
I FOUND OUT DANI HAD A LITTLE
WINE-TASTING PARTY AND... BOOM!
I WAS ALL OVER IT.
I TOOK CARE OF IT.
SO, YES, I AM ON A STREAK.
LOOK, NOT TO GET TECHNICAL, BUT ONE
VICTORY DOES NOT MAKE A STREAK.
JUST SAYING, DON'T
BET AGAINST ME.
UM, HEY, I WAS THINKING. YOU KNOW,
YOU'VE STUDIED MORE IN ONE MONTH
THAN I DID MY ENTIRE
SIX YEARS OF COLLEGE.
YOU NEED A LITTLE BREAK.
HOW ABOUT YOU AND I
GO GET OUR NAILS DID?
YOU'RE JUST GONNA TRY TO TALK
ME OUT OF GOING TO COLOMBIA...
NO, I READ THE STATE DEPARTMENT GUIDELINES.
IT SOUNDS REALLY EXCITING.
ESPECIALLY THE PART WHERE THEY SAY,
"NEVER LOOK DIRECTLY AT THE SOLDIERS."
I MEAN, THAT IS GOOD
ADVICE ANYWHERE.
SO, UH, WHAT DO YOU SAY?
YOU KNOW, 3:00 PM AT
THE NAIL SALON, ON ME.
SURE, LET'S DO THAT.
- (door closes)
- NEVER BET AGAINST A STREAK.
(theme music playing)
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ AS FAR AS I CAN SEE ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ I GUESS YOU'RE STUCK WITH ME ♪
I THOUGHT CANCELING THE CAMPING
TRIP WAS MY PUNISHMENT.
NOW YOU'RE CALLING
TO TELL MY MOM?
SHE NEEDS TO KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON, DAN.
HEY, GUYS, HELP ME OUT. I'M
HAVING A NAIL POLISH CRISIS.
SHOULD I GO SAFE, WITH
PUT A RING ON IT RED,
OR ROLL THE DICE,
WITH TWERKQUOISE.
YOU CAN NOT TELL MY
MOM I DRANK WINE.
SHE'S A TOTAL HARD-ASS
ABOUT THIS STUFF.
WAIT A SECOND, AN ACUPUNCTURIST
WHO TOURS WITH ROCK BANDS
IS A HARD-ASS ABOUT DRINKING?
THAT'S EXACTLY WHY.
SHE'S SEEN THE DAMAGE, AND NOW
SHE HAS A ZERO-TOLERANCE POLICY
ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL...
AND, FOR SOME REASON,
THE JONAS BROTHERS.
FELICIA NEEDS TO
KNOW, ALL RIGHT?
AND YOU'RE GONNA BE
THE ONE TO TELL HER.
WHAT? N-NO, PLEASE.
COME ON, JOE. ISN'T THAT...
A WONDERFUL WAY TO SHOW
YOUR DAUGHTER YOU LOVE HER?
HERE'S YOUR PHONE, HONEY.
DIAL IT.
(stammering)
BUT I THINK I FORGOT THE NUMBER.
YOU DID? LET ME
HELP YOU WITH THAT.
- (beeps)
- DIAL, "MOM."
HERE YOU GO.
UM...
HI, MOM.
YEAH, I'M FINE. I'M CALLING
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
SEE, I HAD SOME
GIRLFRIENDS OVER...
ANYWAY, UM...
THERE WAS SOME WINE THERE,
AND THEY DRANK SOME.
SO I HAD SOME TOO,
TO BE SOCIABLE.
YES, I KNOW I MADE A MISTAKE,
BUT DAD IS HANDLING IT.
(mouthing)
MM-KAY.
SEE YOU WHEN THE TOUR'S OVER.
LOVE YOU. BYE.
SO, HOW DID EVERYTHING GO?
GREAT. SHE WAS GLAD I TOLD HER.
SHE SAID IT SHOWED MATURITY.
YOU SEE, THE LESSON HERE IS
THAT WE'RE A TEAM, ALL RIGHT.
A TEAM THAT ALWAYS DOES
WHAT CAPTAIN DAD SAYS.
I'M HAPPY TO CALL YOU DAD.
JUST PLEASE DON'T MAKE
ME CALL YOU CAPTAIN.
I'M GOOD WITH DAD.
(sighs) AND THE
STREAK CONTINUES.
(chuckles) DON'T FEEL BAD, MEL.
I KNOW PARENTING CAN BE
FRUSTRATING AT TIMES.
ESPECIALLY WHEN I MAKE IT LOOK SO
EASY, BUT, YOU KNOW. (chuckles)
WHAT CAN I DO?
YOU CAN SHUT UP.
(phone ringing)
IT'S FELICIA.
HEY, FELICIA.
WHAT?
(laughs) YES, BUT I REALLY
THINK YOU'RE OVERREACTING.
YES, BUT I REALLY
THINK YOU'RE...
YES, BUT I REALLY THINK...
YES, BUT I...
YES, BUT...
YES.
SO, HOW'D THAT GO, CAPTAIN DAD?
FELICIA JUST QUIT THE TOUR. SHE'S
COMING HERE TO TAKE DANI HOME.
OH, NO! JUST BECAUSE
YOU LET DANI DRINK?
I DIDN'T LET HER DRINK!
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS. I'M
GONNA LOSE MY DAUGHTER.
AND THREE MONTHS EARLIER
THAN WE AGREED ON.
WELL, OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT, JOE?
YOU WERE THE ONE THAT WAS ABLE TO TALK FELICIA
INTO LETTING HER COME HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN
GET THAT TIME BACK.
YOU JUST GOTTA USE THAT
FAMOUS LONGO CHARM.
YEAH, I MEAN...
WORKED ON HER BEFORE.
NOT THAT KIND OF CHARM.
THAT'S HOW YOU ENDED UP WITH
A KID IN THE FIRST PLACE.
MMM. YEAH.
I'M GONNA DIAL IT BACK TO 50%.
OKAY, SO I WAS GONNA
GO WITH BLUE,
BUT THEN I THOUGHT, "WHY
NOT GO WITH BLACK?"
BLACK IS SLIMMING. EVERYONE WILL SAY,
"HAVE YOUR FINGERS LOST WEIGHT?"
I WAS THINKING...
WAIT, YOU READY?
POLKA DOTS ON ONE HAND,
STRIPES ON THE OTHER.
- CUTE?
IT'S GENIUS.
OH, THIS IS SO GREAT.
IT'S BEEN SO LONG SINCE US GIRLS HAVE TAKEN
OUR FINGERS AND TOES ON A MINI VACATION.
(knocking)
- EVITA.
- HI, LENNOX.
HELLO, COUNCILWOMAN.
I JUST FINISHED GOING OVER
THE NOTES YOU TYPED UP.
I NEED SOME REVISIONS AND WONDERED
IF YOU COULD INCORPORATE THEM.
OH, SURE.
YEAH, I'M JUST HEADING
OUT WITH MY AUNT,
BUT AS SOON AS WE GET BACK.
WELL, I WAS HOPING
YOU'D GET RIGHT ON IT.
OH, SORRY, NO CAN DO.
THIS IS A VERY IMPORTANT EVENT,
AND IT CANNOT BE RESCHEDULED.
WE'RE GETTING MANI-PEDIS.
YEAH, AT ONE OF THE NICE SALONS, WHERE
YOU HAVE TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT.
NAIL SALON?
REALLY?
IS THERE SOMETHING
WRONG WITH THAT?
NO, IT'S JUST...
OPPRESSED WOMEN
KNEELING AT YOUR FEET,
INHALING TOXIC FUMES ALL DAY, ALL SO
YOU CAN LOOK LIKE A PAINTED DOLL.
UH, THEY WERE MASKS, AND THEY MASSAGE
YOUR HANDS AND TELL YOU YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
WHO ELSE DOES THAT? NO ONE.
LENNOX, I HAVE TO SAY,
I'M SURPRISED YOU'D BUY IN
TO SUCH A CLASSIST RITUAL.
YOUR FOOT IS IN THE
HANDS OF THESE WOMEN,
BUT YOU'RE REALLY
STEPPING ON THEIR HEADS,
KEEPING THEM DOWN.
WOW.
YEAH, I GUESS I NEVER
THOUGHT ABOUT IT LIKE THAT.
MAYBE THE NAIL SALON'S
NOT SUCH A GOOD IDEA.
OKAY, PROFESSOR BUZZKILL.
LET'S PUT THIS IN PERSPECTIVE.
I WANT TO TAKE MY NIECE
TO THE NAIL SALON.
OOH, SCARY.
YOU WANT TO FLY HER TO
THE JUNGLES OF COLOMBIA
TO CHILLAX WITH MACHINE
GUN-TOTING DRUG LORDS.
WHICH ONE'S WORSE. LET ME THINK.
ON ONE HAND, YOU COULD WIND
UP WITH A LITTLE FOOT FUNGUS.
ON THE OTHER HAND, YOU COULD
WIND UP A LITTLE DEAD.
YEAH, SURE, I MAY
BE A NARCISSIST,
BUT YOU, PROFESSOR, ARE A
SELF-IMPORTANT WINDBAG.
AND WHAT'S MORE,
(blows raspberry)
WELL...
CAN'T ARGUE WITH THAT.
EMAIL ME THE FINISHED
DOC WHEN YOU'RE DONE.
WILL DO.
SO...
LET'S GO GET US SOME HAPPY FEET.
YOU JUST HUMILIATED ME,
AND INSULTED SOMEONE I
RESPECT A GREAT DEAL.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE WITH YOU.
I THOUGHT I MADE SOME
REALLY GOOD POINTS.
BEFORE THE... (blows raspberry)
FELICIA! HOW DO YOU GET OFF A PLANE
AND STILL LOOK FRESH AS A DAISY?
DANI IS LEAVING TODAY, JOE. THIS
IS NOT OPEN FOR NEGOTIATION,
AND DON'T TRY TO PULL
OUT THAT LONGO CHARM.
WHOA, HEY. I'M NOT GONNA
PULL ANYTHING OUT.
NO, I RESPECT YOU WAY
TOO MUCH FOR THAT.
LOOK, UM, WHY DON'T
YOU JUST, YOU KNOW,
STAY HERE FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS,
AND YOU'LL SEE THIS IS REALLY
A GREAT ENVIRONMENT FOR DANI.
HUH. OH.
SO YOUR IDEA OF A
GREAT ENVIRONMENT
IS AN OPEN BAR FOR 13-YEAR-OLDS?
LET'S NOT FIGHT, OKAY?
LOOK, WE MADE A DEAL. DANI WAS SUPPOSED
TO STAY HERE FOR THREE MORE MONTHS
TO GET TO KNOW HER DAD. I
THINK WE SHOULD STICK TO IT.
SHE'S LEAVING,
WITH ME, TODAY.
TWO MONTHS. TWO MONTHS
IS MORE THAN FAIR.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, JOE.
I DO NEED SOME TIME TO
GO TO DANI'S SCHOOL.
I'VE GOT TO GET HER ASSIGNMENTS. I
NEED TO START THE TRANSFER PAPERWORK,
SO WE'LL LEAVE ON THURSDAY.
THAT'S 48 HOURS.
72 HOURS?
24 HOURS.
OH, COME ON. WILL YOU
BE REASONABLE, FELICIA?
- 23 HOURS. -WAIT A MINUTE. LET ME JUST...
HOLD ON...
- 22, 21...
- STOP IT.
48 HOURS, ALL RIGHT? 48...
THAT'S MY FINAL OFFER.
SO YOU BETTER TAKE IT.
OKAY.
SO, WHERE'S FELICIA?
OH, YOU JUST MISSED HER.
AND SHE TOOK DANI?
OH, NO! MY HUSBAND'S DAUGHTER IS TAKEN
AWAY, AND I'M AT THE NAIL SALON.
EVITA'S RIGHT. I AM NARCISSIST.
NO, DANI'S STILL HERE, HONEY.
SHE'S AT BAND PRACTICE.
OH, THANK GOODNESS.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
CUTE, RIGHT?
YES, VERY.
SO I MANAGED TO SQUEEZE 48 HOURS
WITH DANI OUT OF FELICIA.
TWO DAYS? THAT'S NOT MUCH.
I KNOW, BUT, YOU KNOW, WHEN
LONGO'S GET HANDED LEMONS,
WE TURN IT INTO LEMONADE.
WHEN BURKES GET HANDED LEMONS, WE
USE THEM TO GARNISH OUR MARTINIS.
ANYWAY, I MADE A LIST OF EVERYTHING
THAT A FATHER NEEDS TO TEACH A DAUGHTER
AND I'M GONNA HAVE TO DO
IT IN THE NEXT 48 HOURS,
'CAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHEN FELICIA
IS GONNA LET ME SEE DANI AGAIN.
"HOW TO PLAY POKER.
HOW TO CHANGE A TIRE.
HOW TO HOT-WIRE A CAR."
I HAD A BOYFRIEND IN COLLEGE ONCE
THAT COULD OPEN A BEER BOTTLE
WITH HIS EYE SOCKET.
YEAH, I'M NOT SURE IF I'M GONNA
HAVE TIME TO GET TO THAT ONE.
BUT I HAVE TO TEACH HER HOW TO DEFEND
HERSELF, HOW TO SPOT A PLAYER.
THE POINT IS, I'M GONNA BE CRAZY BUSY
WITH DANI FOR THE NEXT 48 HOURS.
SO YOU'RE GONNA HAVE PLENTY
OF TIME TO BOND WITH LENNOX.
YEAH, EXCEPT LENNOX WANTS
NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
AFTER I WENT OFF ON EVITA.
NOT MY BEST MOVE.
WELL, I BETTER GO UPSTAIRS
AND ADMIT TO LENNOX I WAS WRONG.
WHAT?
YOU REALLY THINK YOU WERE WRONG?
NO, BUT I'M OUT OF BULLETS.
AND YOU KNOW WHO'S
NOT OUT OF BULLETS?
THE COLOMBIAN DRUG LORDS.
KNOCK, KNOCK. GOT A MINUTE?
GO AWAY.
LOOK, I'M TRYING TO BE SUPPORTIVE
OF THIS DECISION OF YOURS
TO GO TO COLOMBIA WITH EVITA.
SO I GOT YOU THIS HANDY
SPANISH PHRASE BOOK.
YEAH, IT HAS ALL THE USEFUL
PHRASES FOR TOURISTS.
"WHERE'S THE BATHROOM?"
THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
"I'LL HAVE BOTTLED WATER." MMM.
OOH, HERE'S A BIGGIE.
"MY COUNTRY WILL PAY
HANDSOMELY FOR MY RETURN."
AUNT MEL, YOU MADE THAT UP.
HEY, YOU'RE GOING TO A PLACE WHERE
THAT'S A PHRASE YOU HAVE TO LEARN.
THANKS TO, (exaggerated
accent) EVITA.
OKAY, SERIOUSLY? STOP
CALLING HER THAT.
(sighs) FINE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M JUST REMEMBERING YOUR FACE,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW, I MIGHT
NEVER SEE IT AGAIN.
OKAY, LET ME SEE THIS BOOK.
OH, HERE'S A USEFUL
COLOMBIAN EXPRESSION.
OH, I HOPE I'M PRONOUNCING
IT CORRECTLY.
GO AWAY.
- IT'S PRONOUNCED, ADIOS.
- GO AWAY!
HOW MANY CARDS DO YOU WANT?
- ONE?
- WHOA, OKAY.
IN POKER, YOU NEVER SAY
ANYTHING WITH A QUESTION MARK.
ALL RIGHT? IT'S JUST LIKE LIFE.
YOU GOTTA LEAD WITH CONFIDENCE.
GIVE ME ONE.
THAT'S MORE LIKE IT.
HOW DO WE DO?
- FLUSH.
- NOW THAT'S POKER.
THANKS. I'M GOING TO BED.
NO, NO, NO. YOU'RE NOT.
WELL, WE'VE BEEN AT THIS LIFE
SKILL STUFF FOR FIVE HOURS.
YES, EXACTLY.
NOW WE'RE GONNA HEAD
OUT INTO THE DRIVEWAY,
AND I'M GONNA TEACH YOU
HOW TO CHANGE A TIRE.
BUT I'M GONNA GET
GREASE ON MY PAJAMAS.
NOT IF YOU DO IT THE
RIGHT WAY, SWEETIE.
ADMIT IT. PROOFING MY PAPER
IS MUCH MORE FULFILLING
THAN A TRIP TO THE NAIL SALON.
IT IS.
ALTHOUGH, EVERY TIME I HIT SEND
I NOTICE MISS PINKY WAS
LOOKING A TAD HUMDRUM.
(laughing)
JUST A LITTLE LEVITY.
I'M HAVING A BRAINSTORM.
WHY NOT HELP OTHER WOMEN MAKE THE
SAME ENLIGHTENED DECISION YOU DID?
WE COULD SET UP AN
EDUCATION STATION
IN FRONT OF THAT NAIL
SALON YOUR AUNT GOES TO,
AND TEACH IGNORANT WOMEN
ABOUT CLASS OPPRESSION.
YES.
THAT COULD REALLY
RAISE AWARENESS.
RAISE AWARENESS?
IF WE DO THIS RIGHT, WE COULD
PUT THAT PLACE OUT OF BUSINESS.
OH, I AM GOOD.
OH, BUT WAIT, IF WE DO THAT, THE WOMEN
WHO WORK THERE WILL LOSE THEIR JOBS.
COLLATERAL DAMAGE.
ACCEPTABLE LOSSES FOR THE CAUSE.
THEY'RE NOT LOSSES, EVITA.
THEY'RE PEOPLE.
OH, LENNOX, YOU HAVE
SO MUCH TO UNLEARN.
I CAN STILL HEAR THE
RINSE AND SPIN CYCLE
OF YOUR AUNT'S SOCIOPATHIC
BRAINWASHING.
OKAY, IS THIS ABOUT WORKERS
RIGHTS OR MY AUNT?
YOUR AUNT IS THE ONE
SELFISHLY TRYING TO KEEP YOU
FROM GOING TO (exaggerated
accent) COLOMBIA.
SHE MAY NOT BE PERFECT,
BUT MY AUNT FILIBUSTERED
CITY COUNCIL FOR TWO DAYS
TO OPEN EXTRA HOMELESS SHELTERS
DURING THE LAST BLIZZARD.
OKAY, MY AUNT CARES
ABOUT PEOPLE.
I CARE ABOUT PROGRESS.
WELL, I THINK I'D RATHER
CARE ABOUT PEOPLE.
(exaggerated accent) EVITA.
YEAH, I DON'T FEEL ANY
PRESSURE AT ALL ON MY ELBOW.
IT'S GONNA TAKE A LOT MORE THAN THAT
TO BREAK YOUR ASSAILANT'S ARM, HONEY.
I'M TIRED AND I'M HUNGRY.
WHEN YOU WOKE ME UP, YOU
PROMISED ME PANCAKES.
PANCAKES ARE FOR KILLERS.
ALL RIGHT?
BESIDES, YOU GOT PLENTY
OF SLEEP LAST NIGHT.
THREE HOURS!
THAT'S IT, I'M
GOING BACK TO BED,
AND DON'T EVEN THINK
ABOUT WAKING ME UP.
WE DON'T HAVE A LOT OF TIME LEFT, HONEY,
BEFORE YOUR MOM COMES TO TAKE YOU HOME.
- GOOD MORNING.
- GOOD NIGHT.
WE HAVEN'T EVEN GONE OVER FRANK
SINATRA VERSUS TONY BENNETT YET!
WHY IS SHE SO UPSET?
OH, BECAUSE I PROMISED HER PANCAKES
IF SHE COULD BREAK MY ARM.
OOH, I'LL TAKE THAT DEAL.
GIVE ME THAT ARM.
NO! GET AWAY FROM ME.
I'M TRYING TO TEACH HER EVERYTHING
SHE'S GONNA NEED TO KNOW
FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE,
AND SHE DIDN'T WANT IT.
WELL, JOE, SHE ONLY REACTED
THAT WAY BECAUSE SHE'S 13.
DON'T WORRY, THAT ATTITUDE USUALLY
GOES AWAY BY THE TIME SHE'S...
WELL, PROBABLY NEVER, BECAUSE
LENNOX IS STILL DOING IT TO ME.
SHE'S STILL DOING IT? I THOUGHT YOU
WERE SMOOTHING THINGS OVER WITH HER?
WELL, I TRIED,
BUT SHE WAS IRRITATED BY MY
INSISTENCE THAT SHE NOT DIE.
(sighs) LOOK, HONEY,
IF ALL ELSE FAILS,
A TRIED AND TRUE WAY TO MAKE A WOMAN
WHO'S TRULY UPSET FEEL BETTER
IS TO TELL HER HOW
NICE HER HAIR LOOKS.
- THAT'S YOUR ADVICE?
- IT WORKS EVERY TIME.
THAT'S STUPID AND CONDESCENDING.
THAT WOULD NEVER WORK ON ME.
WELL, IF COURSE IT WOULDN'T
WORK ON YOU, HONEY,
BECAUSE YOU'RE WAY TOO SMART AND
BEAUTIFUL TO FALL FOR THAT.
I AM.
AND IF YOU'RE SUCH A
WIZARD AT PARENTING,
HOW COME YOUR DAUGHTER JUST
STORMED AWAY, ANGRY AT YOU?
BECAUSE THIS IS AN ODD CASE. I'M
TRYING TO CRAM IT ALL IN THERE
IN THE NEXT 48 HOURS,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW...
I DON'T KNOW IF I'M EVER
GONNA SEE HER AGAIN.
WHAT? JOE, AREN'T YOU
OVERREACTING A LITTLE?
NO, I'M NOT. LOOK, FELICIA
HAS FULL CUSTODY OVER DANI.
SHE COULD KEEP HER AWAY
FROM ME UNTIL SHE'S 18,
AND BY THAT POINT, YOU
KNOW, IT'LL BE TOO LATE.
WELL, DOES DANI KNOW WHY YOU'RE
ACTING LIKE SUCH A CRAZY MAN?
I MEAN, BEING SUCH
A GOOD FATHER?
I WAS GONNA TELL HER, BUT I'M
AFRAID IT WILL SCARE HER.
YOU KNOW, I THINK TELLING HER
MIGHT SCARE HER A LITTLE LESS
THAN WAKING HER UP IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT,
PRETENDING YOU'RE A MUGGER.
THAT WORKS.
OH, HONEY, I HAVE TO SAY...
YOUR HAIR LOOKS...
REALLY NICE.
OH!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, AUNT MEL.
YOU WERE SO RIGHT.
I'M NOT GONNA BE A
SOCIOLOGY MAJOR
AND I AM NOT GOING TO COLOMBIA.
I JUST KINDA GOT A LITTLE
SWEPT UP WITH EVITA,
BUT I AM SO DONE WITH HER.
I JUST WANT TO STAY
RIGHT HERE WITH YOU.
OH, MAYBE LATER WE COULD
GO GET OUR NAILS DONE.
OKAY.
OH! I'M SO LUCKY TO HAVE YOU.
BYE.
JOE IS A MAGICIAN.
(doorbell rings)
FELICIA, WE MEET AGAIN.
I'M A LITTLE BIT EARLY.
IS DANI READY?
YEAH, UM, LOOK.
I KNOW IT'S NOT MY PLACE, BUT I
THINK YOU'RE MAKING A HUGE MISTAKE
TAKING DANI AWAY FROM
A WONDERFUL FATHER.
FOR THE PAST 48 HOURS,
JOE HAS BEEN TEACHING HER PRETTY
MUCH EVERYTHING HE KNOWS.
SHE IS GONNA BE PREPARED FOR
WHATEVER LIFE THROWS AT HER.
I'M NOT CHANGING MY MIND, MEL.
YOUR HAIR LOOKS REALLY NICE.
REALLY NICE.
ARE YOU HITTING ON ME?
THEY'RE IN THE KITCHEN.
THAT'S WHY YOU NEVER USE A DEBIT
CARD AT A GAS STATION, HONEY.
Joe: OR THE BATHROOM.
CAN YOU JUST GIVE
THEM ONE MORE MINUTE?
I'M SORRY IF I WAS SNIPPY,
BUT INSTEAD OF SURVIVAL LESSONS, I WANTED
TO HAVE FUN WITH YOU BEFORE I LEFT.
I KNOW. I WAS JUST...
SCARED THAT WHEN YOUR
MOM TOOK YOU HOME,
I WASN'T GONNA BE ABLE
TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
WHY WOULDN'T YOU GET
TO SEE ME AGAIN?
YOUR MY FATHER.
YEAH, BUT IT'S NOT UP TO ME.
YOU'RE REALLY
WORRIED ABOUT THAT?
I'M SCARED TO DEATH I'M
NOT GONNA SEE YOU AGAIN.
Dani: WELL...
HERE'S SOMETHING THAT
MIGHT HELP YOU SURVIVE.
DAD...
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
AND I PROMISE...
I'LL DIVERSIFY MY ASSETS
AND NEVER HAVE MORE THAN 20%
IN INTERNATIONAL STOCKS.
THAT'S MY GIRL.
DANI, YOUR MOM IS HERE.
- MOM, HI!
- HEY.
SO, I GUESS...
YOU'RE GONNA TAKE DANI HOME, EH.
UH, NOT NECESSARILY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"NOT NECESSARILY"?
WHEN I SAID THAT I WAS TAKING DANI
HOME, I DIDN'T MEAN IMMEDIATELY.
YOU SAID 48 HOURS.
WELL, I DIDN'T SAY
WHEN THEY WOULD START.
YOU WERE COUNTING DOWN.
JOE, TAKE YES FOR AN ANSWER.
I... RIGHT.
HEY, SO...
JUST SO I'M CLEAR, DOES THIS MEAN THAT
WE'RE GOING BACK TO THE ORIGINAL DEAL?
SHE CAN STAY HERE FOR
THREE MORE MONTHS?
YES. THE ORIGINAL DEAL.
SO, STAY FOR DINNER.
JOE AND DANI MADE A LASAGNA
LAST NIGHT AT MIDNIGHT.
I'LL JUST THROW IT
IN THE MICROWAVE.
Joe and Dani: NO!
YOU DON'T MICROWAVE LASAGNA.
WHAT SHE SAID.
ACTUALLY, I'M GONNA GET BACK
ON THE ROAD TO FORT WAYNE.
WHAT ABOUT THE TOUR?
I QUIT THE TOUR.
SO YOU'RE GONNA BE
HOME, ALL ALONE?
(sighs)
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I'VE BEEN ALONE BEFORE.
YOU JUST LISTEN TO YOUR DAD,
AND I WANT YOU TO CALL ME.
ANY TIME.
IT'S NOTHING. IT'S... (sobbing)
IT'S JUST MY ALLERGIES.
I AM TOTALLY FINE.
I'M GONNA FIX MY FACE, AND
THEN I'M JUST GONNA...
I'M GONNA GET ON THE ROAD.
I'M GONNA GO LOOK AFTER FELICIA.
AND BY LOOK AFTER HER,
I MEAN, I'M GONNA MAKE SURE SHE DOESN'T
CRY MASCARA ALL OVER MY COUCH.
I DIDN'T KNOW SHE WAS
GONNA BE ALL ALONE.
MY MOM WOULD NEVER
ADMIT IT, BUT...
SHE'LL BE REALLY LONELY.
BESIDES, IT'S LIKE WE'VE
BEEN PARTNERS FOR 13 YEARS.
I'D KINDA MISS HER.
DON'T TELL HER THAT.
(scoffs)
YOUR SECRET'S SAFE WITH ME.
SO...
IF IT'S COOL WITH YOU...
CAN I GO HOME WITH HER?
YEAH.
YEP.
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW, WE'RE GONNA... WE'RE
GONNA SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN SOON.
YEAH, LIKE SPRING BREAK.
HEY, YES. YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE CAN GO ON THAT CAMPING
TRIP THEN IF YOU WANT.
OR I COULD JUST HANG HERE.
YOU KNOW, PLAY POKER, BREAK
EACH OTHER'S ELBOWS.
OH...
I'D LIKE THAT.
- BYE, DANI. BYE, FELICIA.
- (engine starts)
I LOVE YOU, DANI. CALL ME
WHEN YOU GET HOME, OKAY?
HEY, AND REMEMBER;
NEVER BUY MILK AT LIQUOR STORES.
SO HOW ARE THINGS
WITH YOU AND LENNOX?
OH, YOU'RE NEVER GOING
TO BELIEVE THIS,
BUT THE ADVICE YOU GAVE
ME TOTALLY WORKED.
WHY WOULD I NOT BELIEVE THAT?
IT WAS MY ADVICE.
NOT ONLY ARE LENNOX
AND I ON GOOD TERMS,
BUT SHE CANCELED THAT
STUPID TRIP TO COLOMBIA.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO THANK YOU.
YEAH, YOU DO.
TELL ME HOW.
WELL...
FIRST...
YOU'RE GONNA RINSE...
YOUR DISHES OFF EVERY TIME BEFORE
YOU PUT THEM IN THE DISHWASHER.
OH, MAN.
COME HERE.
- YOU WANT TO GO UPSTAIRS?
- I DO.
I THINK WE DESERVE SOME FUN TIME
AFTER ALL THAT HARDCORE PARENTING.
OOH, YES WE DO.
I'M GONNA GRAB A BOTTLE
OF WINE FROM THE KITCHEN.
NO, NO, I GOT ONE UNDER THE BED,
AND IN THE HAMPER,
AND IN THE NIGHTSTAND.
WHAT? I'M ALWAYS
READY FOR ROMANCE.
HOW MUCH ALCOHOL DO YOU
NEED TO HAVE SEX WITH ME?